[//]: # (This file was autogenerated from the man page with 'make README.md')

# clerr(1) - colorize error output

Version 1.0.2, May 2016

```clerr [-1hV] [-c COLOR] COMMAND [ARGUMENTS...]```

# Description

**clerr** is a command line tool which executes another *COMMAND* and colorizes all error output (on stderr) of that program while its normal output (on stdout) will be printed in the default colors.

# Installation

```
$ make
# make install
```

This will compile the binary and copy it to /usr/local/bin/**clerr**.
The man page will be copied to /usr/local/share/man/man.1/**clerr.1.gz**.

# Options


* **-1**
  All output will be printed on stdout only, even error output (which will still get colorized).
* **-c COLOR**
  Sets the color for error output.
  Default is *red*.
  Valid colors and their valid abbreviations are:
  
  *red*/*re*/*rd*,
  *green*/*gr*/*gn*,
  *blue*/*bl*,
  *yellow*/*ye*/*yw*,
  *cyan*/*cy*/*cn*,
  *white*/*wh*.
* **-h**
  Prints a short help summary and exits.
* **-V**
  Prints the program version and exits.

# Exit status

**clerr** will exit with the same status as *COMMAND*,
if it was executed successfully.
If the command was terminated due to a signal,
**clerr** will kill itself with the same signal.
Otherwise, **clerr** will return one of these special exit status values:

* **1**
  invocation error
  (e.g. syntax error or unknown option)
* **124**
  *COMMAND* could not be executed
* **125**
  internal error
  (e.g. could not fork)

# Examples


* **clerr cat /etc/group-**
  This will display the file */etc/group-* in standard colors.
  If the file does not exist or the caller is not permitted to read this file, the corresponding error message (something like "cat: /etc/group-: No such file or directory") will be printed in red.
* **clerr make**
  Run **make** in the current directory. Any compiling errors will be printed in red.

# License

[GNU GPL v3](http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html)

# Author

Maximilian Eul <[maximilian@eul.cc](mailto:maximilian@eul.cc)>
